beauty gal that is the dark in the video
together with you how to make a grid of
small start with cars
good you can do both on the platform
continental on the previous video or on the floor
even going to notice much is going
more just at the start of the
grow makes you come
check point
you choose the checkpoint comes to
small
Let's put something in here.
if you want little the car only choose
little bit the bike here but I know there are
more cars and adds more flame more
car here in the dimension but for that
need the ground right then you will
managing to hold back and then I
I put checkpoint right for you to see
How are you going to stay?
in the case here you are seeing what is
it works and it's yellow
more up to 15 and 16 does not press that
What are you going to do after that?
here already I put any one writes
anything from the registration
any thing too
Good, I went back here and had to
cut because of what a son of a bitch
from a guy passed with the loud sound to
cock and theses platform but now that
I saw I remembered then put the title
put the description you save save the
no good so it does not leave one
published column has to be saved
if you touch an ad that you already
did in public life you've been messing with
the delegate who is already small from here
Little do not know what's going to happen.
after saving alone detail
from the middle to the
available vehicles is a super bike and
unchecks the bike in case you are in
ball already puts the small video as
I said you want more cars, it's just
you put more platform in case
I was in heaven
and you change it in the positioning
put more cars and the bigger dimension
which is one for you after
published what happens and it happens
You will pick up the check point that goes
It's going to happen that you do not
Will you be able to pack more jawaja now?
was corrected
published salvo does not work
So, this heartthrob if you liked the video.
leaves those who leave the laity where the
favorites subscribe perceive more videos
more tutorials and that's it, he said.